---
layout: post
title: "Beer52 Yorkshire Box review"
description: ""
summary: ""
comments: false
tags: ["beer"]
---

I was given a Beer52 gift card near the beginning of the month. It afforded me one of their eight-beer boxes for free, so I opted for the mixed light/dark beers box. I don't usually go for darker beers, but since it was free I figured I'd experiment a bit. I was pleasantly suprised to discover May's theme was Yorkshire! The following reviews are in the order I got each beer out of the fridge. That is to say that they aren't in any specific order.

### Northern Monk - Eternal Waves - Session IPA
Quite nice. I've not much else to say - as the can says, light and refreshing. I like it!

### North Brewing Co. - Full Fathom 5 - Porter
As above, I don't usually go for porters, so this was a pleasant suprise. It's made with coffee beans, so the rather forward coffee flavour makes sense. I'm also reminded of chocolate, vanilla and rum.

### Kirkstall Brewery - Perpetuous - Hazy Session IPA
Not sure about this one. It's not unpleasant, but it's quite... I think "dry" describes it best?

### Kirkstall Brewery - Dexter - Milk Stout
Yummy! Though if you didn't tell me, I'd have thought this was a kind of obscure milkshake rather than a beer.

### North Brewing Co. - Analogue Set - Hazy IPA
Also quite nice. Slightly sour and citrusey. Good work, North Brewing!

### Brew York - Raspberry Pi(e) - Pale Ale
Light, sweet and refreshing. They're not kidding when they say it tastes of raspberries! I've got a bit of a sweet tooth and enjoy [Timmerman's fruit beers](https://brtimmermans.be/en/products/fruity), which this reminds me of. It's good, although like Kirkstall Brewery's Dexter, I'd hazard to call it a beer.

### Vocation Brewery - Naughty and Nice - Stout
As is expected of a chocolate stout, this tastes of 90% cocoa chocolate, which I enjoy. It'd be a nice pick-me-up over the colder months, I think

### Turning Point Brewery Co. - Hickory Clan Caviar - Stout
Not for me. The beer's inspirations (maple and pecans) do show through, but I think this is a little bit too experimental for my taste.